What is Mr. Feng's order?
Throw him out
Take the lady to the hospital first
Both of you?
Did you forget that I am the eldest lady of the Zhou family?
You two inferior people
Hurry up and let go of Miss Bai
I have checked the hospital and there are no injuries.
Hui people are due to inhaling a lot of thick smoke
You'll wake up in an hour or two
Thank you doctor
Well, doctor, let me see you out
Are you really married to Brother Song Nan?
OK
Brother Yan Zheng, I have checked
Brother Song Nan is the Song family Jia Qianjin
He was kicked out of the Song family
I approached you because I was penniless
He doesn't mean you.
He's just after your money.
Brother Yan Zheng, although the Zhou family is not as good as the Feng family
But Hujia is a wealthy family in Haicheng
I won't spend your money
But I really love you
There are many wealthy families in Haicheng
Why didn't he find another man?
Find me
It shows that I am special in his heart
What about the stars?
Xingxing is only 5 years old
How could he let a stranger become a stepmother?
The stars are Nan Ge's children
My fate with Nan Ge
It started six years ago.
How is that possible?
What happened that year?
I don't have to explain it to you.
Now Brother Yan Cheng has been bewitched by him
I can't get through here.
To waste shame
Oh, I see.
Brother Yan Cheng, what are you doing?
Want my wife's luck
No cost